hey guys at Calvin human captain turtle
and I we will be doing a review on the a
back 11
amber feign flashbacks do you know the
little brother to this wheel which is
the Bert's Bert's wheels it's the same
exact formula except this comes in a 81
a 70 millimeter and it's a completely
side set like the efforts which is I
believe a da 60 millimeter and Center
set and the only thing is with the
contact patch being wider please do not
break out as easily subverts so if you
like the consistency and the slide eNOS
of the Burke's
yet the I guess the hook up and the more
grittiness of the flashback the nut
these are perfect for you and also yeah
the same please leave a poop load of
thing like bright neon yellow which is
weird but it's cool you'll be dip
with all this other skaters leaving that
boring white thing and uh yeah I
recommend this for anyone who like
squeezing out slide the outside set so
you want to make sure you know there are
more prone to wheel bite they want
something with you know some ice wheel
wells or drop comet thing going on there
watch out for that
so some problems you may have with these
wheels are um you're not committing
enough and you're not fully rotating
your shoulders when you're doing slides
and also a speed wobbles due to a lot
because I the contact patch is wider and
the side set really makes your truck's
wobble and also it affects the concave
of the board too if you're if you're
very prone to slipping off these are not
the wheels for you because they do like
to throw your feet off of the board yeah
too much sometimes that they get stuck
and they don't roll they're really rusty
and they're not good for uphill pushing
and a quick shout-out to Msgr